[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2005 monster adventure film
King Kong so let's get started
the film opens in 1933 with actress and
arrow being hired by financially
troubled filmmaker Carlton hem to star
in a film and learns her favorite
playwright Jack Driscoll is a
screenwriter as they travel on the SS
venture to the mysterious Skull Island
and in Jack fall-in-love venture
receives a radio message informing that
there is a warrant for Carl's arrest due
to his defiance of the studio's orders
to cease production the message
instructs them to divert their course
but the ship is run aground onto the
shore of Skyland the crew explored the
island and are attacked by vicious
natives the tribe targets an and kidnaps
her the crew breaks up the attack and
returns to the ship the natives offer an
as a sacrifice to a massive ape named
King Kong the crew then returns armed
Kong takes an and flees into the jungle
and wins over Kong and sees that Kong
has intelligence and capacity for
emotion a rescue party is organized but
on their journey several are killed by
extraordinary creatures Kong appears and
attacks them wiping out even more of the
rescue party congra turns to Anne
rescues her from some creatures and
takes her to his lair in the mountains
Jack continues searching for Anne and
Carl decides to capture cotton Jack goes
to Kong's layer as conch fights a swarm
of batlike rodents and an Jack escape
conch pursues them and attempts to get
and back killing several sailors but a
subdued when Carl knocks them out with
chloroform in New York City
Carl presents Kong the eighth wonder of
the world on Broadway starring an
imprisoned Kong and is played by an
anonymous chorus girl and Kong becomes
enraged after realizing that the girl on
the stage is not an he breaks free from
his chains and destroys the theatre Kong
wreaks havoc around the city while
chasing
jack conte knocked Jack out by stopping
his car and flipping it then encounters
anagen Kong and share a moment on a
frozen pond in Central Park
then the army arrives Kong climbs with
an on top of the Empire State Building
where he fights off six navy planes
downing three at the end of the
confrontation Kong is mortally wounded
by the gunfire and gazes a and for the
last time before falling from the
building to his death as Anne is
reunited with Jack civilians
photographers police and soldiers gather
around Kong's corpse so that was the
spoilers for King Kong if you have a
film you would like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check us out on our various forms of
social media and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]